docs: Add docs for time from now widget (#3937)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/50-list-and-details-widgets.md

<img src="./assets/display-widgets/Text.png" alt="Example of a text widget" width="40%">

### `TimeFromNow`

> The `TimeFromNow` widgets calculates time difference between date provided in **source** and current time and display it in a format: X days ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TimeFromNow` widget calculates the time difference between the date provided in **source** and the current time and displays it in the format X days ago.
```
